Aflores plymouth (#234)
osisoft/Edge-Data-Store-Docs: content/configuration/storage-runtime-config.md

# Storage runtime configuration

The Edge Data Store storage component is installed with default configurations that are sufficient for most scenarios; however, you can configure the runtime characteristics of the storage component.  

> **Note:** Consult with OSIsoft Support personnel before you modify the default configuration.

Reviewer: Should this be AVEVA? Not sure how we are handling these kinds of things now.

> **Note:** Consult with OSIsoft Support personnel before you modify the default configuration.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note:** Consult with Technical Support before you modify the default configuration.
```

> To update the storage runtime configuration, complete the following:

Author: ```suggestion
To update the storage runtime configuration:
```

> To update the storage runtime configuration, complete the following:

Author: ```suggestion
To update the storage runtime configuration:
```

## IngressDebugExpiration

> Use the `IngressDebugExpiration` property when debugging OMF to set the date and time when debugging should be disabled. If a future date and time is is specified, incoming OMF messages are logged and the HTTP request and response content is stored to disk for review. The debug logging stops at the data and time specified. Set the value to `null` to disable logging.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `IngressDebugExpiration` property when you debug OMF to set the date and time when debugging should be disabled. If you specify a future date and time, incoming OMF messages are logged and the HTTP request and response content is stored to disk for review. The debug logging stops at the date and time specified. Set the value to `null` to disable logging.
```

## StreamStorageLimitMb

> Use the `StreamStorageLimitMb` property to set the maximum size in megabytes that a stream can reach. When a stream exceeds the size specified, older data is deleted from the file until the stream is at or below the `StreamStorageTargetMb` value. The target value, set in the `StreamStorageTargetMb` property, needs to be smaller than the maximum specified in this property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `StreamStorageLimitMb` property to set the maximum size in megabytes that a stream can reach. When a stream exceeds the specified size, older data is deleted from the file until the stream is at or below the `StreamStorageTargetMb` value. The target value, set in the `StreamStorageTargetMb` property, needs to be smaller than the maximum specified in this property.
```

## StreamStorageTargetMb

> Use the `StreamStorageTargetMb` property to set the size in megabytes that a stream will be reduced to after `StreamStorageLimitMb` size is reached for a single stream. When a stream exceeds the size specified in the `StreamStorageLimitMb` property, older data is deleted from the file until the stream is at or below the `StreamStorageTargetMb` value. The target value needs to be smaller than the maximum specified in the `StreamStorageLimitMb` property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `StreamStorageTargetMb` property to set the size in megabytes that a stream is reduced to after `StreamStorageLimitMb` size is reached for a single stream. When a stream exceeds the size specified in the `StreamStorageLimitMb` property, older data is deleted from the file until the stream is at or below the `StreamStorageTargetMb` value. The target value needs to be smaller than the maximum specified in the `StreamStorageLimitMb` property.
```

## EnableTransactionLog

Use the `EnableTransactionLog` property to define whether the `Storage` component maintains a transaction log between checkpoint operations. The transaction log helps the product reduce data loss if the host device loses power.

### EnableTransactionLog type

`bool`

## TransactionLogLimitMB

> Use the `TransactionLogLimitMB` property to define the maximum size, in MB, of a transaction log. When a transaction log exceeds this size, it is deleted, which reduces the amount of data that can be recovered if the host device loses power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `TransactionLogLimitMB` property to define the maximum size, in MB, of a transaction log. When a transaction log exceeds this size, it is deleted. This reduces the amount of data that you can recover if the host device loses power.
```

> Use the `TransactionLogLimitMB` property to define the maximum size, in MB, of a transaction log. When a transaction log exceeds this size, it is deleted, which reduces the amount of data that can be recovered if the host device loses power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `TransactionLogLimitMB` property to define the maximum size, in MB, of a transaction log. When a transaction log exceeds this size, it is deleted, This reduces the amount of data that you can recover if the host device loses power.
```

## CheckpointRateInSec

Use the `CheckpointRateInSec` property to define, in seconds, how often the storage component ensures recent data and configuration changes are flushed to storage.  

> A setting of `0` disables checkpointing. Disabling checkpointing reduces the resiliency of the product and thus data loss can occur if the host device loses power.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A setting of `0` disables checkpointing. Disabling checkpointing reduces the resiliency of the product and data loss can occur if the host device loses power.
```
